# SE-Persona: Secure-Enhanced Containers on Mobile Platform
Abstract: Shortly smart devices especially tablets will be the primary computing device in the business world. The smart device helps the employees to access client’s information easily and quickly. Moreover, individuals use these smart devices as a common device for business and personal purposes. The overlap between personal and business usage attracts the companies attention to secure their data that correspondingly restrict the devices usages to business needs. However, employees are uncomfortable with losing control of their private data through having restrictions on their smart device. Mobile virtualization is a solution to the overlapping problem in which the enterprise secures its data without controlling the employees personal data. However, the mobile virtualization inherently shares the underlying system hardware resources without enforcing policy on their interfaces that may result in side channel attacks. For instances, a side channel attack could easily track the employee location through his personal profile although there is a restriction on the location service of the business profile. Specifically, there is a need for mutual exclusion policies for these hardware interfaces and sensors. In this paper, we investigate the security risks of the mobile virtualization technology. Focusing on the operating system level virtualization on Android platform and propose a new middle-ware policy model to protect the user privacy.
